h2. DESCRIPTION :

h3. This a WolfCMS plugin which may be used to populate a WolfCMS installation from a Wordpress eXtended RSS file.

Note:	This plugin currently works with Wordpress eXtended RSS file vr. 1.1 and Wordpress vr. 3.1.2.

What is supported today :

* Upload of a Wordpress eXtended RSS file.
* Import of WP:Categories.
* Import of WP:Pages.
* Import of WP:Posts.
* Custom settings of import behaviors.
* Import under a custom first level page (beneath the Home Page).
* Placement of WP:Posts under correct, imported WP:Category.

h2. INSTALLATION :

# Download the plugin.
# Rename the plugin folder; @wpdb_import@.
# Place the plugin folder in the @/wolf/plugins/@ folder of your WolfCMS installation.
# Activate the plugin using the WolfCMS plugin page.

h2. USAGE :

# Activate the plugin.
# Apply settings from the WolfCMS plugin page.
# Click on the 'WPDB Import' tab.
# Upload a Wordpress eXtended RSS file.
# Click the import button.

h2. TODO : 

h4. Short-term

* Comment import.
* Create user in WolfCMS if they don't already exist.
* Add timestamps to post imports.
* Better handle WP:Category 'Uncategorized.'
* Handle WP:Category hieararchy.
* Add section on settings, "Save and Import"
* Check proper return checking and make this consistent.
* Handle posts with multiple categories.
* Allow custom Category page data, as well as a default.

h4. Long-term

* Create a log file after succesful import which shows the success status of each import.
* Allow for full custom placement of pages.
* Allow for import rules, allowing specific imports to go and do specific things.
* Enhance the uploader by using UploaderHelper.
* Use WolfCMS plugin settings functions.
* Define behavior to replace links and images within the Wordpress body.

h2. VERSIONS :

h4. 1.0.0

* Added settings page to customize some ambiguous import behaviors.
* Added enable, disable, install, and uninstall behaviors.
* Adjusted to changes in Wordpress eXtended RSS file format.
* Code cleaning and documentation.

h4. 0.0.8

* Added an action to remove the uploaded file easilly.
* Changed buttons in sidebar when a file is uploaded or not.
* Fixing a bug on comments import (email wasn't imported).

h4. 0.0.7

* Don't create a category if a page already exists with the category slug.
* Fixing a bug where you couldn't upload a file bigger than 100ko, now set to 10Mo
* Adding documentation : How to use this plugin
* Localisation of the plugin. Only french is available
* Enhancing design of forms with style
* Code cleaning and documenting

h4. 0.0.6

* Import categories as empty Pages.
* Import Posts in the right categories.
* Import comments (even spam comments).
* Can upload a WordPress XM Backup file.
 
h4. 0.0.5

* Now import Posts and Pages.
* Imported page and file are assign to the right user. Won't import if WP user don't exists in WolfCMS.

h4. 0.0.1

* Basic import of Posts.
